Xu Zeyu, did you do it on purpose yesterday?
Say something to end our marriage
What's good to get together?
Are you for the investors in it?
I'm so stupid to lie to me with such a thing for you.
Urchin, don't you lie to me too
I'm just doing it the way people do
Just treat him
What kind of means?
Can't beat you
Minister Fang's false accusations are really despicable
We can't compare to you in terms of despicability
Nice
Yesterday, I asked Brother Ono to ask you out
After getting drunk, take away the business card from the colleague
We moved up the appointment for you
I didn't expect you to come so early
But
You're afraid it's for nothing
The investors are totally on our side.
Ah!
This is the woman you chose
It's a good match.
An Tong talks about scheming and means, who can be more careful than you?
It's only been a few days since I divorced Brother Xiaoyu.
I immediately found a new love, you An Tong
You lied to me, and I lied to you.
We're even
Yeah, we've got investors
Wait until Wang Lei gives birth to the general manager
Your days at the company
It's hard
Why don't you look up and see you down in the company?
I suggest you show some affection to each other
It is better to stay in the company in the future
What do I have to say to you?
Waste of tongue